## Exercise 1 & 2: 

In exercise one, I was able to take code from Ardunio to P5 by using serial control. I used two sensors on Arduino, which were a potentiometer and a photoresistor, to control an ellipse on p5. By controlling the ellipse, I made it move horizontally and vertically. Ultimately, I was able to draw lines of ellipses throughout the p5 editor canvas. In the Arduino code, I first declared the analog sensor's input pins. The potentiometer was A0, and the photoresistor was A1. In setup, I added ```Serial.begin(9600);``` so that I can print the values of the sensors and make sure they are working on Ardunio. Therefore, in loop I declared two variables, ```potValue``` and ```prValue``` that are equal to ```analogRead(POT/PR)```.This means that when I want to print the values of the sensors, the code reads them and then prints. Following that, I printed the values by using ```Serial.print``` and ```Serial.println```. To test this, I opened the serial monitor to make sure the values of the sensors were printing correctly. I then closed the serial monitor and opened p5 serial control, and connected it to the correct port to make sure the values are also printing correctly. Next, I copied and pasted the code in the p5 serial control in the p5 web editor. I made sure to make the necessary additions to the Html file. In the function ```gotData``` I split the values of the sensors that were stored in ``` currentString``` and initialized them in a variable called values. In the draw function, I created an ellipse without specifying the x and y coordinates. For the x, I mapped the values of the potentiometer to go from 0 to the width of the canvas. Similarly, for the y, I mapped the values of the photoresistor from 0 to the height of the canvas. Ultiemently, this will allow the potentiometer to draw the ellipses horizontally and the photoresistor vertically. To play around I changed the color of the ellipse and made it random RGB values ```fill(random(0, 120), random(0, 70), random(0, 150));```.  

For exercise two, I made additions to the code I had already for the previous exercise. I first began by adding an LED to my circuit board and connecting it to the Ardunio. Unlike exercise 1, I had to send code from p5 to Ardunio. Therefore, in Ardunio, I initialized the LED pin number and in setup, made it an output by using ```pinMode```. In loop, I added ```intByte = Serial.read``` and an if statement that indicates if ```intByte``` is equal to 0, then the LED should be off. The code for that would be ```digitalWrite(LED, LOW);```. Else the LED should be on. I then went through the same process of converting to p5 serial control. In the p5 editor, I added an if statement with a ```mouseIsPressed``` function stating that if the moused is pressed ```serial.write(1)```, else it should be ```serial.write(0)```.  1 means that the state of the LED is on and 0 is off. Thus when you press on the canvas, the LED will light up, and if you release it will turn off. 


